Uncomplete Portions: None
Bugs that I have not been able to fix: None (none identified)
banned STL component: None:
Test:
treemm class: This was tested by inserting nunerous different types of 
data, from string, to int, to movie, to test this class worked thoroughly. 
I inserted the keys (2,2), 1(2), (3,2), 2(3), 2(4) to make sure that the 
left and right branching systems worked, and then I called the find 
function on 2 to have each value printed. A similar process was done for 
other data types, as a means to test my operator< overload. I mainly used 
the debugger for this process

User Database: I used the names and emails of Carey and David inserted 
into the spec and added a couple more friends emails to a .txt file, and 
used the debugger to test that the load function worked correctly. I 
tested with and without a line at the end.

Movie Database: I used the example movies provided in the spec, along with 
a couple of my favorites to a .txt file and ran the load function and 
checked the debugger to make sure that the movies were ordered correctly 
based on the alphabetical order of the strings given. I checked each 
different map to make sure they were all entering as desired.

User: I did this testing along with the user testing database at the same 
time. Since my user database called my user constructor so many times, I 
double checked to make sure that the constructor was working as needed. I 
inserted my own email and friends, and added some of our favorite movies.  

Movie: Same methodology of user, I found this testing to be easier done in 
tandem with the movie class. On their own, I tested the various get 
functions, trying different case-sensitivites to ensure that this class 
was case insensitive for the data base.

Recommender: I tried out the examples given out in the spec sheet for 
matching input, as well as a couple using the test files that we were 
given. I selected some of my favorite movies from the list, and tried 
targetting different genres to see the validity of the algorithm. For 
example I inputted Ryan Gosling love stories like "La La Land" and "The 
Notebook", and tried to see if I would get other romantic comedies like 
"When Harry Meets Sally"
